Add config.save.use_pinned_memory_for_d2h to serialization config (#143342)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/serialization.rst

  * ``compute_crc32``: whether to compute and write the zip file checksum (Default : ``True``).
    See :func:`~torch.serialization.set_crc32_options`.

>   * ``use_pinned_memory_for_d2h``: for storages that are on CUDA when passed to ``torch.save``, whether to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``use_pinned_memory_for_d2h``: for storages that are on an accelerator when passed to ``torch.save``, whether to
```
